<div>his is a course project of EEL 6935: Cloud Computing and Storage (Fall 2013).</div><div><br></div><div>&nbsp;1. DataProcessor:</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It includes:</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;1) Downloader:&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Download weather data from ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/gsod/.</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; But as of now, it only downloads all the available data collected in Gainesville,</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Florida, because the dataset is too large for us and we are not capable of dealing</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; with that for the moment.</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;2) Decompressor:&nbsp;</div><div><span style="white-space:pre">		</span>&nbsp;&nbsp;The downloaded data file are all tar/gz format, so they need to be extracted before&nbsp;<span style="font-size: 14px;">we could carry out further process.</span></div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;3) Predictor:&nbsp;</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; It is using Support Vector Regression provided by scikit-learn. And also numpy, scipy</div><div>&nbsp;<span style="white-space:pre">		</span>&nbsp;&nbsp;and matplotlib for drawing figures. The idea of making prediction is, using data of</div><div><span style="white-space:pre">		</span>&nbsp;&nbsp;the past 20 (an arbitrary value, need further research to decide) days to form train</div><div><span style="white-space:pre">		</span>&nbsp;&nbsp;the model, and so that predict. The regression analysis is contained in the figure</div><div>&nbsp;<span style="white-space:pre">		</span>&nbsp;&nbsp;shown at the ending of the program.</div><div><br></div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Modules/Algorithms to be implemented in the future:</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;1) kNN: We are considering using kNN to make prediction more accurate.</div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;2) Hadoop/MapReduce: Move our application onto AWS Elastic MapReduce, in order to deal with larger&nbsp;<span style="font-size: 14px;">dataset and speed up the process.</span></div><div>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;3) Mammoth framework: https://github.com/zincumyx/Mammoth/wiki</div>